---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did I do this past week? ##
I cannot think of a single person who actually believes that the first week of school is _not_ hectic. Between scrambling to gather the necessary textbooks and school supplies, along with attempting (and often failing) to get into the necessary computer science courses so that you may someday graduate, I have to say that I am not a fan. However, I feel as though I had a smooth transition into the semester this week. I got all my textbooks super cheap and into my electives of choice from their respective waitlists-- Object Oriented Programming and Information Retrieval and Web Search. I really like all of my professors so far, and I have already learned a great deal in Object Oriented Programming about C++ and how it differs from Java all on the first day. 

## What's in my way? ##
I believe the only thing in my way of success for this semester is the summer mindset that I am still in. I need to gain back my focus and determination in order to graduate this coming May, all while maintaining my strong grade point average. Attaining a decent sleep schedule would also be very beneficial. Aside from all of that, I really need to setup all the necessary development tools on my machine for this course, start on the readings for this coming week, and prepare myself mentally for the storm that is CS 331 this semester.

## What will I do next week? ##
I would like to have everything setup and ready for this course by next week. I also need to brush up on the C++ language syntax so that I can actually succeed in this course. 

## My Experience (Thus Far) ##
I have to say that I like Professor Downing and his teaching style. He teaches by way of example, which is like a smooth introduction into a foreign topic. To me, he is very reminicent of Shyamal Mitra, who was my first programming professor ever at UT and who is also an excellent lecturer. He does call on people at random to answer questions and help guide his demonstrations, which can be intimidating; however, he seems to be understanding as far as whether or not you know the answer. So far he has shown us the language differences and analogies of Java and C++, as well as useful testing methods with assertions and Google Test. I would say that everything up to this point has been pretty easy to digest, which is a good thing for it only being the first week.

As far as the graded components of the course go: projects, quizzes, and exams, we have only just taken our first quiz. It was very closely modeled after his lecture that preceded it, so I would say that it was very fair in its content.
