---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

## What did I do this past week? ##
This past week in OOP, we learned about lambda expressions in C++ and how to use them in our code. We also learned about the differences in overriding in C++ and Java, and we also wrote our own range iterator in C++. I was absent from class on Friday though because I was feeling sick. Outside of class, I mostly just tried to take it easy as this coming week is going to be significantly more busy.

## What's in my way? ##
This coming week is gonna kill me. I have two exams and a project due all on the same day. I'm not sure why all my professors seemed to have planned to do this to me on purpose; I swear I'm not a bad person-- I don't deserve this. One good thing though is that I have already gotten about halfway done with my project, so hopefully I can finish it up tonight and tomorrow night so I can focus on studying for my exams in this class and in algorithms (yikes).

## What will I do next week? ##
This coming week I will be studying, dying, starving, not sleeping much, and praying my rosary for God to keep me alive. Okay, that was a little dramatic, but you get the idea.

## My Experience (Thus Far) ##
I would say that my experience in this class so far is that it is pretty demanding for being just an elective. I am pretty nervous about this exam because some of the things we do in class are a little confusing; however, hopefully I will feel better once I start studying more for it.

## Tip-Of-The-Week ##
My tip for this week is to make full utilization of professor's office hours. I often forget that they are a resource available to me, and I think I struggle more becuase of that. Having one-on-one time with your professor to clarify confusing topics is incredibly helpful and often the only key to success in your courses.
