---
layout: post
title: Week Three
---

## What did I do this past week? ##
This past week really put this semester into high gear for me. I didn't expect the sleepless nights and stressful work days to really come until later on in the semester; however, after trying to finish this first project for this course, I was wrong. It was not so much the project itself that was stressful: writing an optimized Collatz solver is pretty easy, actually; it was all the tools we had to use for building it. For example, the tools like Docker and Travis CI are completely new to me, and I even have some trouble with Git (particularly, finding the right set of commands to make it do exactly what I want it to). For the most part, everything went smoothly though, it just took some time. However, things began to take a dark turn at around 4AM Thursday whenever I was happily finishing up my project, and Travis CI began to see my build as failed. I was confused as to what I could have done to have caused this: many sources said I was missing a "sudo: required" line at the beginning of my .travis.yml file; however, that was there. I frantically began to keep submitting rebuilds to Travis and even went as far as to revert to an old commit that worked. It was whenever I reverted and noticed that Travis was still failling that I realized that this couldn't be a problem on my end. So, I posted on Piazza about it so that I could see if anyone else was having the same issue, and sure enough everyone was! I was so excited to see this! It wasn't until about 4PM that day that Travis fixed the issue and all of our builds began to work again. I then continued to finish up my project and got it turned in with plenty of time before the 10PM deadline.

## What's in my way? ##
So far I have not done any of the readings for this week yet (no surprise). I also have a lot of other work for my other classes that I should probably start on as well since the next project for this class has not been assigned yet.

## What will I do next week? ##
The next project will be assigned this week and it's the first one that we can have a partner on. I already know that I am going to work with my good pal Coty on this one, so hopefully he will want to start it early like I do. 

## My Experience (Thus Far) ##
In class, everything has been pretty good. Professor Downing has taught us a lot about the intricacies of C++ that I never would have expected to learn in a classroom setting. Many of them can be pretty confusing at times, but I know that if I really sit down, study the examples, and write a few sample programs that I will understand them with no issue. Now I must say that I am pretty disappointed with the way the Travis CI issue was handled on Thursday. It was the day that the project was due, a critical tool for the development of our project was down/malfunctioning, everyone on Piazza was frantic, and NOT ONE instructor ever gave us any insight on how to proceed or what we should do in the meantime or anything. It was honestly pure luck that Travis began to work again at 4PM, and luckily I was already pretty far into my project; however, it was down a good 12 hrs and I just have to wonder how that must've been for other people in the class who were not as far as me on their project. I also understand that Professor Downing tells us to start early, and for good reason too, but I am just disappointed that nobody said anything to us about it at all since the whole class was clearly in a frenzy about it.

## Tip-Of-The-Week ##
Probably the most powerful piece of advice that I could give after my experiences of turmoil this week is to make full utilization of Piazza. It can be intimiating to ask questions to your class, as you may fear that you are an idiot; however, that fear is nonsense. If I had not asked about the Travis issue on Piazza, I would have likely never found out that it was an issue that the ENTIRE class was having, and not just me. Knowing that allowed me to sleep soundly that night as I knew that I wasn't completely doomed. Having that sense of community at your finger tips can be a powerful thing. Use it.
