---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did I do this past week? ##
This past week in class, we learned about the different types of approaches as far as creating a cache for the Collatz project goes. We learned that there are three different approaches: lazy (load values into the cache as needed), eager (load cache completely first, then just look up values as needed), and meta (cache lies outside of the program). Each has their own advantages and disadvantages, which creates a design tradeoff that one must make for their program. Professor Downing also walked us through the extensive list of steps that we must take in order to develop our Collatz program using GitHub, Docker, Travis CI, and a few other tools. I found this to be extremely helpful of him, as I have only used a small subset of these tools before, so much of this is new to me. On Friday, Professor Downing also taught us some very interesting features about C++ that included an in depth discussion about the increment/decrement operators and the different ways they can be utilized, as well as using exceptions and try/catch blocks.

## What's in my way? ##
The biggest thing in my way is writing the code for this project and making sure that I have done all of the requirements for it prior to turn in. Right now, I would have to say that this class is really the only class that I am taking that has taken off full force. This is strange to me, as I thought I would buried deep in Algorithms homework by this point.

## What will I do next week? ##
This coming week, I will be finishing the code and other requirements for this project, as I have stated above. I have already made a good head start on it, so I just need to stay focused and not relax too much during this 3 day weekend (I may or may not have already done so..). I will also get started on the required reading for this week as well.

## My Experience (Thus Far) ##
So far, my experience in this class has been pretty good. Like I said earlier, Professor Downing means business, and this course seems to have really taken off at only like the 2nd week of class. However, this is not a bad thing. I have been able to digest everything presented to me thus far, and I attribute that to Professor Downing's way of gently introducing us to foreign topics.

## Tip-Of-The-Week ##
If somebody were to ever ask me what is the best good-habit one could develop in college, I would have to say that it is to start projects early. In a field like computer science where you can hit unexpected walls at ANY point in the development process of software, there is simply no other method to being successful aside from starting projects early**. It is a difficult habit to pick up initially, as it is much to easy to try and wait till the last minute to do projects; however, once you do pick it up, I guarantee you will fall in love with the significant reduction in stress you now have in your life.

**If you are doing PintOS for Norman's 439, you will not only be unsuccessful from not starting early, you will also die. That is just how the cookie crumbles.
