---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

## What did I do this past week? ##
This past week, my partner Jamie and I finished our allocator project for this class, and I also had a midterm in my info retrieval class. Overall, my partner and I found the project to be fairly straight forward having only run into a few bugs. I personally also found this project to be pretty interesting and fun to build-- more so than the others. In class this past week, we basically worked on building our own implementation of the vector class in C++.

## What's in my way? ##
The main thing in my way is to start studying for my algorithms exam in two weeks. I didn't do as good on the first exam as I had hoped, so I really want to do better on this one. However, I definitely know what to expect for this next one. I also should probably keep applying for jobs.

## What will I do next week? ##
This coming week, I will probably start on the next project for this class. I hope that the TA's will grade our tests and return them soon so I can know whether I should even bother starting on this project or not *mic drop*.

## My Experience (Thus Far) ##
I really liked the last project we did, and I hope I will feel the same about this next one.

## Tip-Of-The-Week ##
My tip for this week is that if you are working on a project with a partner, be sure to spend some time outside of the lab doing something non-CS like eating together or hanging out. It definitely helps with productivity in the group and makes you hate them less whenever your code isn't working. This advice is especially applicable to PintOS groups.
